[narrator] Previously on Hit & Run:
-[Segev] If you have to move to New York--
-I probably won't even get the job.
-You'll get it.
-I'll be back soon.
Hey, Tzion, you take care--
-[Segev] I need your help here, okay?
-Of course.
We got him. The guy who hit Dani.
Rami Shalem,
the gangster from the crime family.
[Segev] There was somewhere there.
What? Who is this?
Sorry, wrong number.
[bones crack]
[Segev] Tali, there was a break-in.
He's dead.
Please hurry.
[theme music playing]
[pensive music playing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
Why is he handcuffed?
He got mad, acted like a fool.
I had no choice.
[man] We got the call.
Guy told us he'd killed someone.
But when we got here, there was nothing.
[woman] Not even a body.
[man] Maybe he had too much to drink.
If he said he killed someone,
he killed someone.
Treat it like a crime scene.
Call Forensics and block the area.
Keys, please.
[man] Guy had a gun.
[Tali] Hey.
[handcuffs unlocking]
-Let me see.
-I'm okay.
Did you have to fight them?
They don't believe me.
They're patrol cops.
I told them to call Homicide.
-Did you catch his face?
-Yeah.
I don't know him.
I'll go and check for a sec.
-Go ahead.
-Be right back.
Thanks.
[dramatic music playing]
[Boaz] Any other break-ins in the area?
I have no idea.
Did you notice anything suspicious,
anything weird happen lately?
Yeah.
Um...
Yesterday morning,
near my house, there was a car.
-Right when Danielle left for her flight.
-The same guy who attacked you?
No.
Is there any reason
that someone would want to go after you?
I'm a tour guide.
Why would anyone want to hurt me?
You weren't always a tour guide, right?
Boaz.
[Amit] What about Rami Shalem?
You really don't know him?
Why would I know?
I don't mess with guys like that.
What about the wife?
Why would she know him?
[dramatic music playing]
Okay. It appears
we have everything we need, Shapira.
Anything new comes up,
we'll contact you, okay?
Wait, wait, what? That's all?
Until Forensics get back to us
about the gun, yeah.
There's not much we can do.
I have a 12-year-old kid,
and my ex lives in the same moshav.
How am I supposed to protect them?
We can station an officer there.
Maybe that can help you.
All right?
When we get home,
I'll get you something to eat.
I'm not that hungry.
Fine. Still...
you could use a shower. Okay?
I wish I could still call her.
Yeah.
Did you ever manage to track that number?
Not exactly.
Whoever texted her
texted her from a burner phone.
The type you get
from the south of the city.
A burner, really?
Why would anybody contact her like that?
No idea.
Maybe an affair?
No...
I don't know. I really don't know.
We were in love.
Things were good.
People are complicated.
[engine starts]
Go figure.
Dad.
Segev.
Shira called.
You're holding in there?
Yeah, I just need a coffee.
-Get clean. I'll make it.
-Okay.
Thanks.
[door locks]
[dramatic music playing]
-[Segev] Hey.
-Hi.
-[groans]
-What? It hurts?
Yeah.
Give it to me.
Your back, your feet, your legs...
how much pain?
Is it worth it?
I don't know.
When you love something so much,
you just...
go for it.
Does that sound crazy?
No.
-This cold?
-Yes.
-And if I put it there or here...
-No, don't! [laughing]
I love you.
I checked every morgue there is.
No unidentified bodies
in the past 24 hours.
I don't know what to say.
Listen, I know he's your cousin,
and I'm sure he's a good guy,
but where's the blood?
What about the struggle
he said happened there?
All I got was a few broken pots.
No, uh... No DNA.
No prints at all.
Someone could have cleaned up there.
Listen...
I ran a background check, okay?
And there's a few things that, you know...
Like what?
The guy was deported from Mexico.
Did time there for four years.
Besides, he downed
a whole bottle of whiskey.
Tali, we're looking into it, okay?
But, come on,
how much of your time
would you invest in this?
Boaz, he's not like that.
[Amit on video] All right, Rami,
tell me everything from the beginning.
Go ahead.
[Rami] I told you.
I had grilled cheese,
took my kids to school.
Then I met some friends
for coffee at Pasha.
When I was done, my car was gone.
It was stolen by some fucker.
Gym bag, backpack...
My kid's iPad was there.
[Amit] Then what?
[Rami] And then I called a cab,
I went home.
What is this, story time?
Come on, do your jobs, for fuck's sake!
You're the police, no?
[whispers indistinctly]
[Syd] I know you're not hungry,
but you need to eat something.
[Avram] Still haven't heard
from her parents?
About their flight?
No.
What am I supposed to tell the rabbi?
Abba, he's not going to start
without her parents.
They'll be here, don't worry.
Fine. Okay.
Here.
This is from her locker at Batsheva.
Avram, are you eating with us?
[Avram] Oh, no, no, no, thank you.
I have a few more calls to make
before I head out. Thank you.
[dramatic music playing]
Can you sit for a sec?
"Why are you ignoring me?"
"I have to see you."
Do you know who sent them?
Whoever it was called her many times
the day she died.
I'm sorry, Segev, I don't know.
[cell phone ringing]
Hello.
[Martin] Segev.
Martin.
Are you at the airport?
No, no.
No, that's why I'm calling.
We were packed and ready to go,
and Marcia fainted.
Turns out she's got pneumonia.
Probably the stress of all this.
She's at Mount Sinai.
That's terrible news.
We're devastated.
You know that Dani has to be buried
within the next 24 hours, right?
Can't imagine
Dani being buried without us,
but the doctors are...
concerned about Marcia,
and I don't feel I can leave her.
Of course. Um...
Take care of her.
Let me know how she's doing.
I don't know what to say.
I'm sorry.
I know. Uh...
I don't know what to say either.
When Marcia feels better,
we'll probably do a small memorial
in New York
with her family and friends from here.
-We'd love for you to be there.
-Of course.
Say a blessing for us, Segev.
[cell phone beeps]
[dog howls in distance]
[ominous music playing]
[clicks]
[suspenseful music playing]
[rooster crowing]
[dramatic music playing]
[man] Is this your wife?
Yeah.
That's her.
[rabbi praying in Hebrew]
[mourners murmuring]
"We were an unexpected pair.
But I knew-- I knew from the moment
I met Danielle,
she would change my life.
Her smile.
Her joy teaching Ella how to dance.
Her complete inability
to make a decent cup of coffee.
[mourners chuckle]
I loved it all.
She made me a better person.
She was everything.
She--"
"She was everything to me.
I never saw my life without Danielle.
And now that's all there is.
I love you, Dani."
[indistinct chatter]
I'm so sorry, Segev.
-I'll bring Ella to Shiva.
-Thanks.
[chattering continues]
[suspenseful music playing]
[engine starts]
Dad, where's your wedding album?
-It's in the kitchen cabinet.
-No, it's not there.
I checked.
Check again. I'm sure it's there.
-I've prepared a plate for you, Segev.
-I don't want it. I'm not hungry.
-Segev.
-I don't want it.
Okay, I'll leave it here
in case you change your mind.
I don't understand.
What kind of parents miss
their daughter's funeral?
I don't get it either, Mom.
Mom, the bread is ready.
The rolls too. Go see.
Fine. Okay.
The kitchen keeps her busy.
You okay?
-Really good.
-Really good, huh?
Here, drink that.
I'll go deal with the pastries.
Amazing.
So Forensics tested for prints and DNA
on the Glock that you gave me
-And...
-And?
...nothing. Only your prints there.
Well, sure, he had gloves on.
Actually, I'm not so sure
it was Rami in the car.
This whole story's strange.
[Ella] Dad, I checked.
I can't find that album.
Sorry.
Boaz,
listen for a sec, I have this idea.
Get ahold of Rami's wife.
Ask her if the kid's iPad had GPS.
Syd.
We need to talk.
What is it? What's wrong?
Who was the guy at the funeral
with the sunglasses and the jacket?
I saw you looking at him.
It's obvious you know each other.
I don't know him. But you do.
[dramatic music playing]
His name is Assaf.
Assaf what?
I don't remember, I'm sorry.
Don't lie to me.
Who was he?
He's a businessman.
Got a thing for dancers.
There's a lot of guys like that.
He hit on the girls
and practically lived at Hashoftim.
What do you mean, Hashoftim?
This bar we used to hang out at.
He knew Danielle?
Yeah.
How well?
They dated a little.
Before she met you. It wasn't a big deal.
Well, not to her, anyway.
But to him?
Honestly, after she stopped dating him,
he became a little obsessed.
Why didn't she tell me?
Probably thought you'd kill him
if you knew.
Please don't hate me.
You two are my best friends here.
I cannot stand to think
that I fucked this up.
I don't hate you.
[pop music playing over speakers]
Didn't expect to see you here tonight.
Want a drink?
He's asking about you.
Who's asking what?
Segev saw you there today.
Why did you come?
It was stupid.
I have the right to grieve, don't I?
I loved her too, you know.
The tour guide can go fuck himself.
I wouldn't mess with him, Assaf.
[Boaz] We tracked the kid's iPad,
found the car at this garage on Allenby.
[Gal] That's all the footage we have.
Gal, stop.
That's the vehicle.
Let's see the camera on the roof
at the same time.
Fuck.
-What, you know them?
-No.
But I'm pretty sure
none of them are Rami Shalem.
[pop music playing over speakers]
You're Assaf?
Yeah.
What were you doing around my house?
-I was just leaving.
-Huh?
What was your plan, huh?
Talk to her? Murder her? What?
I know you're going through a hard time,
but as I said, I was waiting for someone.
-So if you don't mind...
-You were stalking her.
Leave me alone, will you?
[gun cocks]
You slept with her?
-I don't know you, man.
-What happened there?
Yeah.
We slept together.
We dated a few years back.
We broke up, and she married you.
All right?
You won.
Now, if you don't mind...
[dramatic music playing]
Hey.
I think you have bigger problems
than who your wife fucked or didn't fuck.
Maya?
[glass shatters]
[ominous music playing]
Whoa, what's that?
[sighs] Are you crazy?
[stammers] What's going on, Maya?
She wrote that she's "sorry"?
That she didn't mean to "hurt you"?
You know what? After last time,
I decided to ignore
all the voices I have in my head.
That I shouldn't believe you,
that I should check your phone.
And not ignore.
Not to check your phone.
Not to check your clothes.
-Hey, hey. What are you doing?
-What I should have done in a while.
-I'm gonna take you to court!
-Stop that. Stop that.
I'll prove you're nothing
but a cheating, low-life fuck!
Maya, I'm not gonna lie, okay?
I don't want to lie to you.
Really.
Yeah. We had a thing, yeah.
A long time ago,
when things weren't that great with us.
But it's done. I swear that it's done.
It's been done for years.
Really? Then why
did she send this just now?
I don't know. Maybe--
Maybe she still loved me.
Maybe-- Maybe she wanted more or, uh...
I have no idea.
I didn't want you to get hurt,
so I didn't talk.
But it's over now, Maya,
I swear. It's done.
Lying shit.
She's dead, okay, Maya?
She's dead. She's dead!
It's the dancer, the American.
The one who died in the hit-and-run.
It's definitely over.
[Maya sighs]
[Tali] That's the camera
from Ben Gurion. There.
-[Segev] That's the guy?
-[Tali] Yeah.
Tomas Polgar. Does it ring a bell?
Here's the other guy.
-Boton Gunsberg?
-No.
What we've got is
that they both have Hungarian passports.
-Where did they go?
-London.
Heathrow.
But they're Hungarian?
They got on the first flight
that left the country.
I don't get it. So they came to Tel Aviv,
stole a car and hit her? That's weird.
I don't know. I don't know, Segev.
It's possible that they came here
for some sun, and things got fucked.
All right.
-Bye.
-Segev?
We'll find out what happened, okay?
As soon as we find them.
I'm gonna find them.
A bit to the left, Moshe.
-Your left.
-[Moshe] Oh.
Now flap your hands a bit.
-You serious?
-Come on.
I look like a duck. Or a chicken.
Driveway's still dark.
Tell me, Segev,
if you say they caught them,
the guys who hit Danielle, in London,
then why are we building a fortress here?
All these fancy lights...
What do you mean? For safety.
-Let's try one more time, Moshe.
-No, but then the entrance will be dark.
-No, it'll work.
-Why fuck with it? Why fuck with it?
-We need to get the driveway.
-We're just gonna have to start over
-'cause you keep messing with it.
-Moshe, stop!
Stop it!
Tell me.
Why did you even stop at that coffee shop?
[dramatic music playing]
[stammers] I don't know.
-[stammers] We had time.
-She had to catch her flight, no?
Come on, Segev.
-It's not his fault. It was an accident.
-You don't know that.
And I don't know that
and Moshe, for sure, doesn't!
And I'm here and she's not!
And all because
of your fucking coffee, no?
I'm sorry.
[Tali] Okay.
Yes, just please have them
reach out to me directly.
Thank you.
-What is it?
-Stuffed pepper.
Tami thought you could use
some extra protein for the baby.
Tell her I said thanks.
How are things?
Nothing new.
We know they flew to London,
and now they're gone.
I tried to get ahold of the guy
from Interpol, but he's not there yet.
Tali, I'm removing you
from the investigation.
-What do you mean?
-I'm aware it's a family thing, but...
it can't be healthy.
You know, a conflict of interest.
Dror, I can be professional.
If this case ever sees a trial,
any connection you may have to it
will compromise it.
You wanna fuck up the file?
I'm sure you don't. Just let it be.
Their faces are plastered
all over the world.
Interpol can take it from here, okay?
Hey, heat it
in the microwave first. It's good.
[woman on TV] Interpol is looking
for Tomas Polgar and Boton Gunsberg,
after security cameras
at Ben Gurion Airport
captured images of the suspects
in the hit-and-run incident
where Danielle Azulai,
a dancer at Batsheva,
was killed in front of Cafe Loveat.
The Hungarian nationals arrived
at Ben Gurion Airport
shortly after the incident
and were seen taking the first flight out
of Israel to London's Heathrow Airport.
Authorities are urging anyone who might
have information regarding the two
to please come forward.
[ominous music playing]
[engine starts]
[man speaking indistinctly]
[tires screeching]
[woman speaking indistinctly over TV]
Assaf?
[gate opens]
[suspenseful music playing]
[gun cocks]
-[screams] Fuck! Oh, my God.
-What are you doing?
-Why do you have a gun in my face?
-Why'd you come around the back?
-You wouldn't open the door.
-Sorry. I'm sorry.
-Oh, my God.
-I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Have a seat. Come.
Syd, what are you doing here?
[sighs] Okay.
I saw the news tonight.
I saw the pictures of the drivers.
The Hungarians? Okay.
I saw them.
I mean, I've seen them before.
A couple nights
before Danielle was killed.
I hadn't even thought about it
until I saw their faces on the news.
-Yeah, come on, one more drink.
-No. No.
No, please let me toast you.
It's good luck before the audition.
[pop music playing over speakers]
What?
Assholes. Ignore them.
Thank you for the drink. I better go.
Really?
-I'm gonna hang here for a bit.
-Okay.
I'm gonna head out the back way.
Can't deal with assholes tonight.
-Love you.
-All right, bye.
We would come here sometimes
after rehearsals.
The owner's nice,
but the regulars can get a little rowdy.
Do you recognize anyone from that night?
Not really.
Just Avi. Hey, Avi!
[Avi] Hey, what's up?
-One drink.
-Avi, ever seen these guys?
-No.
-[Syd] Um...
Uh, they were here last week
when I was toasting Dani.
-And you gave us a couple extra shots.
-Maybe.
I think maybe one of those guys got
into a shoving match with Uri.
Who's Uri?
He's the local provider.
-[Syd] Drug dealer.
-[Avi] The bouncer had to kick him out.
Stay here.
-Hey. Hey. Hey, hello!
-What are you doing?
-[woman] Hey, hey!
-Hey! Hey, what are you doing?
[woman] What are you doing?
[suspenseful music playing]
[car horns honking]
-[tires screeching]
-[man] Hey, trying to get killed?
[indistinct chatter]
What do you want?
Crap, man. What do you want?
Hey, two weeks ago, you were in a fight
at some bar, right? Who were they?
You're a cop?
[shouting]
I don't remember any of it!
-Who were they?
-I don't remember! Come on.
I swear, it was
my first time going there. I swear.
What the fuck?
You're going to kill me. You're crazy.
Don't kill me!
Okay! Okay, okay.
I get it, okay? Just--
I just gave them some coke, okay?
They tried to short me,
we fought a little, and that's all!
-I'm gonna ask you, who were they?
-I don't know!
I don't ask.
They were just some Americans, that's all!
[ominous music playing]
What do you mean, they were American?
I don't know. I'm telling you,
they were just Americans, okay?
Americans, trust me!
Americans?
Tali, they knew what they we're doing.
They're professionals.
They followed her. When she stopped
for a coffee, they knew what to do.
But why would anyone want
to kill Danielle? It doesn't make sense.
Maybe it wasn't about her.
What are you saying, Segev?
You know what I was.
What I used to do.
So, what do you say? Think you can help?
For you I'll do it.
I do have a raw connection
at Homeland Security.
We can cross-check their image
with any passport, but it will, uh...
-take a while.
-I have to get to the station.
-I'll call you if there's any news.
-Thank you.
Tali?
-What's going on?
-Omer!
What, you're, uh...?
Yeah.
-Twenty-eight weeks.
-[laughs]
It's great!
-Right?
-So where are you going?
The station.
I'll walk with you. It's on my way.
-All good?
-Mm-hm.
What? Why are you quiet?
You know... You're pregnant.
You're gonna be a mother.
There's no way that...?
Yours?
No. No, it's not yours.
Actually, it's not anyone's.
I mean, it's someone's
but not anyone I know.
A sperm donor.
A short time after our breakup.
-Wow.
-Yeah.
Big step.
Yeah.
I guess I was ready,
and I was tired of waiting
for someone to say he's ready too.
But, anyway...
I'm happy you're happy.
Thanks.
I'm also happy I'm happy.
So, what were you doing here?
I'm not in the police anymore.
Really?
I work for a private cyber company,
and we have a client around here.
Nice. I bet it pays way better.
-Of course.
-[both laugh]
-I even have a new espresso machine.
-Oh!
-It's fancy with the foam. It's...
-Thank God.
What about you?
I was meeting a friend,
needed help from her with some stuff.
Nice. Well, uh, this is my building.
Well...
good luck with all the...
-You look good, Tali.
-You too.
Now you can go back to your lunch.
[indistinct chatter]
-Hey, Dad?
-Hmm?
When can I sleep over?
Soon, Elush. Just need
to take care of a few things. Okay?
Okay.
-[cell phone ringing]
-One sec.
Tali.
-Hey, Tali.
-[Tali] Hey.
Uri was right. They are Americans.
Their real names are Mark Posner
and David Chernik.
They made it to London, switched passports
and flew to New York.
NYPD already got their addresses.
Okay. What about criminal history?
Mainly little stuff.
Maybe a few break-ins and stolen cars.
-All right, thanks.
-Bye.
Listen to me.
You get to the class,
and I'll wait in this spot, okay?
Okay.
-Bye, Dad.
-Bye, baby.
[techno music playing over speakers]
[Ron in English] This is a good fake, man.
[man] It's not a fake ID, man.
It's a real ID.
Luckily for you, I have a new ID for sale.
You can buy one from me at half the price.
[cell phone ringing]
Segev. Yo, man.
How are you, buddy? You still holding up?
[sighs] I need a favor, man.
Yeah, bro, I'm crushed
I couldn't be there for you. I--
-Flight prices are off the charts--
-It wasn't a hit-and-run.
They killed her.
Professionals. Understand what I'm saying?
It wasn't about her.
The night after her death, somebody came
in my house and tried to kill me.
Who tried to finish you, Segev?
[dramatic music playing]
It was Isaac.
Isaac is in prison, man.
Listen up,
the killers, they were Americans
who flew back to New York.
I don't get it. You're trying to tell me
that after all this time--
That after all this time,
now he wants to settle the score?
Yeah, he's crazy. You know he's capable.
He blames me for all of it.
Okay, let me see what I can find out
around here, okay, bro?
I appreciate it.
Thank you, man. Bye.
[man 1] Buddy!
-Come in. Guys are all here, bro.
-Tony! What's up, man?
Oh, fuck, what's wrong with you?
You look like shit.
P90X. I feel like I'm 25 again though.
-Feel them.
-Man, just take it away.
-Hey, guys, look who's here.
-Hey, yo.
-[man 2] Hey, Ron.
-What's up?
-[man 2] How you doing?
-What's going on?
So, what you got?
Shit, you haven't done
a drop like this in ages.
-Yeah.
-Fucking love it.
-Who's winning here?
-Thanks.
-Come here. Have a hit.
-Thank you, thank you.
You know what? My kid's in the car.
Yeah? Weed's the only way
I can deal with my kids.
-Maybe next time.
-Can I Venmo you the payment?
-Sure, man. No problem.
-Excellent.
Excellent. Thank you.
-Have a beer. You want a beer?
-Nah.
Phil, are you still working in Sing Sing?
Yeah. What's up?
Tali? What are you doing here?
They got them. Posner and Chernik.
In New York, a few hours ago.
What? Are you sure? Did they talk?
No, nothing new for now.
They'll be extradited to Israel.
We're gonna question them,
they're gonna talk.
Well, might take time.
Yeah, it could take a few weeks.
Man, it's dark here.
[ominous music playing]
[beeping]
Run!
[coughs] Tali, are you okay?
[indistinct chatter]
Well, it looks like standard explosives.
The door was rigged.
You got really lucky there.
-What about Forensics?
-No, but they just started--
They're professional,
they're not gonna find anything.
[cell phone ringing]
Hey, man. Talk to me.
[Ron] You're right. Isaac got out
of Sing Sing nine months ago.
I'm getting on the first flight
that I can get. Bye.
Segev.
-Going to vacation?
-Tali...
-Flight to where?
-Please go get checked out.
I'm fine, the baby's fine. Can you tell me
what the fuck is going on?
-Flight to where?
-To New York.
Okay.
What's in New York?
The man that did this is in New York.
He's called Katkov. Isaac Katkov.
He trained with me in Mexico,
after the army.
He went to prison and blames me.
There's no way I'm going to sit around.
And Ella?
Ella can only be safe if we do this.
Will you watch her for me?
Of course.
Are you sure
it's a good idea that you'll go?
No.
But it's not like I have a choice.
Tali, I need you. Are you done?
["Black Skies" playing]
♪ It's been long night ♪
♪ Black skies glowing ♪
♪ We're losing light ♪
♪ High ♪
♪ The wind blows high ♪
♪ Winter's light ♪
♪ Cold and dry ♪
♪ I need a fresh soul ♪
♪ And a different body ♪
♪ I need to, oh ♪
♪ I need to find somebody ♪
♪ Black skies glowing ♪
♪ High ♪
♪ The wind blows high ♪
♪ Winter's light ♪
♪ Cold and dry ♪
♪ The wind blows high ♪
♪ Winter's light ♪
♪ Cold and dry ♪